## My College Application Essay
# How My Love Met Science
When I was little, I used to believe that school was just about memorizing and regurgitating information, but a lecture from Ms Rama showed me that there was so much more to learn. "As the earth rotates on its axis every 24 hours, different parts of the world get day and night at the same time. Like that, there are trials in life, and whether they are good or bad just depends on which side you stand on," she said. This made me realize that I can't simply memorize everything; I need to understand it and come up with my conclusions. As I began to think more critically, my curiosity about the unknown just kept growing.

But I had no one to ask for answers, at least not a human being. Fortunately, my dad had a fantastic Windows XP machine. He introduced me to Google, which not only answered my questions but also raised a thousand more. My mind was bursting with project ideas, ranging from scientific to just for fun.

I didn't have proper tools, so I had to make do with what I had. And well, it would often turn violent. I tore up broken devices piece by piece and put them together again. I remember burning myself trying to use the soldering iron, causing an explosion by trying to charge the battery with an AC adaptor and zapping my tongue on a 9-volt battery to see if it still had power. All these happened on my tiny, messy desk, its messy appearance reflecting all that I have done and learned over the years. There's a concrete speaker in the middle of all that chaos that I made during the pandemic. Cobbled together from scraps of cardboard, some tape, some concrete and the remains of a speaker, it is more valuable to me than anything else. We would spend our days listening to music on this handmade speaker of mine, the epitome of my love for art and science.
That's how my love met science for the first time.

My desk, however, is more than just a workspace; it is a testament to the lessons and skills that I have learned through making and repairing items. From the line-following robot to the hexagonal pen holder made with recycled plywood to the hoard of unfinished artworks that reflect my lifelong love of fine arts. There are numerous notebooks I've filled with ideas throughout my life. My thoughts, feelings, and friends' well-wishes are all in these journals, my priceless second brain. I made plans for do-it-yourself crafts and machines and kept my thoughts on the words of brilliant people who inspire me to be better. Even the idol of Lord Ganesha that I sculpted, honouring our family's dedication to tradition and the greater community, has taught me discipline, problem-solving skills, and the value of practice.

Despite the setbacks and difficulties I've faced, my passion for creation and desire to take advantage of every opportunity keep me going. I love putting broken pieces back together, reusing broken electronics and empty cartons, and putting random pieces together to make something useful and important out of something that some people might think is useless. Restoring used items gives me the same joy as buying new ones, and the joy of self-sufficiency is a bonus.

As I've gotten older, I've realized that my love for art and passion for science don't compete but rather complement one another. Whether I'm making an idol or putting together a speaker from parts of an old one, each project gives me a chance to be creative and learn more about the world around me. It's been years since my love for the arts met science, and I am grateful for it every day. 
